[Proposal] Extending sequence functionality with cycles, batches, and concatenation (#812)
apple/swift-evolution: proposals/XXXX-cycled.md

* Bugs: [SR-NNNN](https://bugs.swift.org/browse/SR-NNNN), [SR-MMMM](https://bugs.swift.org/browse/SR-MMMM)
* Previous Revision: [1](https://github.com/apple/swift-evolution/blob/...commit-ID.../proposals/NNNN-filename.md)
* Previous Proposal: [SE-XXXX](XXXX-filename.md)
* -->

## Introduction

This proposal several methods on `Sequence`, adding commonly requested sequence functionality including sequence cycling, counted subsequence batches, and sequence concatenation.

Part of this proposal was requested in [SR-6864](https://bugs.swift.org/browse/SR-6864)

This proposal was discussed on-forum in 

* [\[Starter Pitch\] Introducing a `cycled` method to `Sequence`](https://forums.swift.org/t/starter-pitch-introducing-a-cycled-method-to-sequence/11254) 
* [Pitch: Sequence enhancements: chaining, repeating, batching](https://forums.swift.org/t/pitch-sequence-enhancements-chaining-repeating-batching/11635) 
* [What makes a good lazy procedure? And how to do it?](https://forums.swift.org/t/what-makes-a-good-lazy-procedure-and-how-to-do-it/7338/2) (about Collections, not Sequences)

> * [Proposal: CollectionType.cycle property for an infinite sequence](https://forums.swift.org/t/proposal-collectiontype-cycle-property-for-an-infinite-sequence/798) thread introduced by [Kevin Ballard](https://github.com/kballard)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Proposal: CollectionType.cycle property for an infinite sequence](https://forums.swift.org/t/proposal-collectiontype-cycle-property-for-an-infinite-sequence/798) thread introduced by [Lily Ballard](https://github.com/lilyball)
```
